 # Here it is like a daily memo what i have learnt  
 js jsj
 ## Aug 10, 2025
 There are alot of rumors going on about AGI(Artificial General Intelligence) where a robot has a profound sense of knowledge like a human being. It can reason think and do the tasks efficiently resembling the astronomical human capabilities. But the thing is that we tend to underlook the scenario, how llm has a greater domain of knowledge than that of a singular human being, it can act like a therapist, a doctor, a competitive coder and what not. So, having an AGI will benefit us? Or will it be our greatest enemy is certainly the question to ask, what is an AGI goes out of control and behaves like a Chhiti the robot on a movie character played by Rajni Kant. In my opinion, its not the fear to be replaced by AI in some job, but its the fear that are we making something irreversal that will cause vast impact in human and industrial civilization like back in the days. We need to be prepared and know the uncertainties of these industries because they can throw anything at us at anytime.
  
 ## Aug 11, 2025 
 There are alot of things left to reasearch in the field of AI, but before making a good foundation in AGI there are alot of work left in the field of large language models(LLM's) because they are prone to make mistakes. Back in the day, when gemini was initially launched it told one user to die out of fraustration. I dont know much of the context why was that harsh answer was concluded but it might be the issue when data was being in filtering process because most of the llm's are trained on internet data like twitter, reddit posts and comments to know the sentence and grammatical structure in first stage of the model training process. When the model was trained fully, during the data filtering process some information leaked out and if the context was releavent to some harsh texts, and lets assume that the harsh messages missed out on the filtering process then it comes out of llm. But LLM have came a long way and they are not doing those mistakes but there are more room for improvement here coding benchmarks are still left to crack, chain of thoughts was introduced about a year ago i am using it daily and it does not hallucinate for very long as it used to do in the past. But if we want to go back to previous topic and lets assume that an AGI robot makes cretain mistake like the llm and do unethical tasks then we can't risk it because it will be troublesome. Hence, if we are planning to leverage LLM's properties in AGI we need to improve LLM's at the first place.  
 
 ## Aug 18, 2025  
 From my further research, I came to know that there are alot to improve in the field of robotics or cognitive AI because it is not as simple as bulding an llm by fetching some api. We should consider to many factors like vector coordinates, simulation world, gravitational force attracting on the robot, worst case scenario like if we want to build a robot that will be able to hold the kitchen utensils, then we must train by using different kitchen utensils in a simulation so that while the robot is working on physial world it would not get confused. A robot can be confused in a real world scenario if the robot has not seen or visualized that particular context in a simulation. It is necessary to train the robot in all the scenarios possible to get appropriate results. Some of the big companies like OpenAI, Tesla are able to make a humanoid robot that can solve tasks, reason, think and perform like a human. They have greater amount of resources to utilize but if an individual plans to make a humanoid robot then it might be diffucult for him/her because we need to feed alot of data into a neural network which also requires alot of processes and time also. But I am also not refering that it is impossible for us, there are certain examples where an individual was able to make a rubics cube solver hand in his basement he used most of the training time in simulation and then he transferred that learing of simulation in real world. It was quite interesting to watch a hand solve a rubics cube by itself.    
 
 ## Aug 31, 2025 
 2 weeks of wandering and bouncing from one research paper to another and endless hours of watching podcasts, I came to realize that this topic is never ending like a endless galaxy which is expanding each and every day. Within these days, Open AI launched gpt-5 but it was not that exponentially great like a mixed version of gpt-3 and gpt-4 but I am sure that it will keep getting better. Google also launched their new photo editing tool that can edit photos using voice commands. It is a new concept that I have not tried myself but I heard that it it worth trying once so it is in my bucket list. With all this wandering I have not found any conclusion, I think I have alot left to research and I need to keep digging in this field to get to know my keen interest. That being said, I will not stop here my journey is in motion. But its been days that I have not coded, I miss it alot because it gave me the feeling that I can create something special. I will resume coding after I fix my route to this AI journey. Until then see you next time.    
 
 ## Oct 13, 2025
 I have completed the concept of LLM's foundation using langchain, I came into realization that langchains are not enough for building an intelligent system. Hence there comes the role of Agentic AI that is capable of doing tasks that the user commands it to do. For Eg: If you tell siri to set the timer for 5 minutes then it does the task hassel free but it might fumble in the case of booking flight tickets and other complicated tasks because it does not have access to ecternal payment integration API's. So, if a company builds an LLM that is able to book tickets, plan vacations, hassel free payment integration, etc. than that LLM upgrades to Agentic AI that is able to perform some action according to user instructions. But in this case, as we are improving rapidly in this field we need to be in utmost carefullness because if we give some permission to Agentic Ai for payment or anything then our data is in verge of being exploited on the internet so that, we must use two-factor authentication and other security measures for our own safety. I am abit curious about the concept of Agentic AI, I am starting today. I will keep updating my progress. 
 
